NIKITA DNYANESHWAR PATIL
(Full Stack Java Developer)
Address- A-702, Sai Luxuria, Rahatani, Pune , Maharashtra – 411017
9405856482 | nikitapatil210402@gmail.com
LinkedIn - linkedin.com/in/nikita-patil-4659b5246
GitHub - https://github.com/nikitapatil210402

SUMMARY
To work in a progressive organization, where I can enhance my skills and explore new creative ideas in
order to contribute to success of the organization

EDUCATION

Bachelor of Technology, R C Patel Institute of Technology, Shirpur
Computer Engineering CGPA: 7.34

2024

Class XII, R. C. Patel Arts & Science Junior College, Shirpur
Percentage: 82.31

2020

Class X, H. R. Patel Secondary School, Shirpur
Percentage: 87.40

2018

PROJECTS
• Fee Receipt Generator
Technology – Java, Apache POI, SQL In this project we created a Java application in which user
will provide the input for fees payment. Then that will be stored in SQL database, when we click
on generate receipt it will create a word file as well as PDF copy of the receipt which can be
printed or sent through mail. And will also generate Excel sheet with all student data and fee
details.
• Mental Health and Well-being Surveillance, Assessment, and Tracking Solution among
Children
In this project, we created a Website. The project likely focuses on developing tools or systems
to monitor, assess, and track the mental health of children, aiming to enhance overall well-being.
The specifics would depend on the project's goals, methodologies, and the technology used. In
this we used Html, CSS, React, Node Js, MongoDB. We created in VS Code
• Employee Management System
Technology – Java, SQL
In this project we created a Swing application where Employee Details will be managed.
User can create new employee details, update the older ones or even delete it if not in use.
Basic CRUD operations can be performed on Employee data.

TRAINING
•

She Arise 2.0
6 - Months
I participated in She Arise 2.0 Training which is conducted by Capgemini and executed by Centum
Foundation. In this training I got to learn Core Java, JDBC, Hibernate, Mysql, Spring boot. In this
training I work in ATM System Project .

SKILLS
•
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

Languages: C,C++, Java, SQL, JavaScript, HTML, CSS,
Framework: JDBC, Hibernate, Spring Boot
Version Control: Proficient in using Git/GitHub and Command Line Interface(CLI)
Methodologies: Knowledge of Agile and Scrum methodologies for project management
Tool: MySQL, GitHub, Excel, PowerPoint.
Platforms: Visual Studio Code, Eclipse, Git Bash, NetBeans .
Soft Skills: Collaboration and teamwork, Growth Mindset, Detail-oriented, Persistence.

ADDITIONAL SKILLS & CERTIFICATIONS
•
•
•
•
•
•
•

C and CPP programming language by Nextech Infosystems
Junior Java Full Stack Development training offered by Generation India and Vinsys IT Service
Learn Java Course (Codecademy)
Code foundation Skill Path (Codecademy) | Learn Git and GitHub (Codecademy)
Campus Credentials
She Airse 2.0 Training
Great Learning

DECLARATION
"I, Nikita Dnyaneshwar Patil, confirm that the information provided is true, complete, and
correct. I acknowledge responsibility for any unintentional errors or omissions."

